feat: monorepo setup for lifecycle-operator, scheduler and runtimes (#1857)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/content/en/docs/install/install.md

  the [Helm Chart](#use-helm-chart).
  This is the preferred strategy because it allows you to customize your cluster.

> * Releases v0.10.0 and earlier can be installed using
>   the [manifests](#use-manifests).
>   This is the less-preferred way because it does not support customization.

Reviewer: I would point to the section "use manifests" only here
```suggestion
* See the [use manifests](#use-manifests) section for more information on installing via manifest.
  This is the less-preferred way because it does not support customization.
```

## Use manifests

> Versions v0.10.0 and earlier of the Lifecycle Toolkit can be installed using manifests,

Reviewer: We need a follow-up here with a matrix (component - version)

although we recommend that you use Helm Charts

> because they allow you to easily customize your configuration.

Reviewer 2: I commented about this block for https://github.com/keptn/lifecycle-toolkit/pull/1850 -- not sure why it is two PRs...

Author: we have charts from klt 0.7.0 so it should be fine
